The Impact Awards will be a celebration to remember. We’re celebrating teams and individuals across the business in several categories. Two of the awards are the Spirit Award and the Social Impact Project of the Year Award. A few weeks ago, we asked for your nominations for these awards and here are the finalists!  
 Social Impact Project of the Year Award
 Vijayapriya VS, engagement delivery partner, Americas Life Sciences, is a self-starter whose outreach work has impacted more than 5,000 students. In addition to her GDstein series, she has created an opportunity to showcase young talent working toward manufacturing prosthetic hands for those in need. Her work is not limited to students — she also created a startup-focused series that showcases their work on ecological restoration.
 Project DHYEYA is committed to empowering underprivileged students. The program offers academic training, financial support and mentorship to students across multiple cities in India. The team mobilizes a network of more than 200 dedicated employee volunteers, helping students gain admission to top universities and scoring high in competitive exams, like the NTSE and NMMSS.  
 The CTS Raleigh-Durham team supports their local community through cleaning trails, volunteering at the Ronald McDonald House and participating in charity walks — and they also work hard to foster community amongst themselves. Through their Engage (Yammer) page and WhatsApp group, they ensure seamless communication within their organization. They make events accessible and enjoyable for all team members, which in turn creates a strong sense of team unity.  
 Spirit Award
 Raghuveeran Sowmyanarayanan, senior director, AIA Delivery, has elevated the standards of project management within the organization. Leading his team strategically and emphasizing teamwork and collaboration, his programs, like the Gen AI Hackathons, foster teamwork, creativity and learning. He frequently encourages his team to make time for upskilling, and with his AICyclopedia tech talks, he shows he values intellectual curiosity. His innovation creates a dynamic team, ready to tackle AI.  
 As a team leader for IOA Tech AI/ML, Verna Lyn Pascual’s team emphasized how she is the model of an empathetic leader. She has infectious enthusiasm and dedicates herself to making sure everyone on her team feels at ease and included. She takes leadership courses to make sure she’s doing her part for her team and is always asking for feedback on her leadership. She’s been described as the “safest person to turn to for help.”  
 Sumita Biswal, program manager, QEA BFS, has a customer-focused approach that has earned her team the highest NPS score of the last four years. She supports those on her team with leadership potential and frequently has skip-level meetings with her team so that she can fully support them and understand different dimensions of the work. She created a “celebration team” to lead activities, like in-office celebrations and women associate sessions, leading to increased motivation for her team. 
 Watch the winners live 
On February 13, tune in to view winners from this list and from other categories across the company.  
 Date: Tuesday, February 13   
Time: 6:30 PM IST | 1:00 PM GMT | 8:00 AM EST   
Where: https://cognizant.brandlive.com/Impact-Awards-2024/en   
Watch the teaser video below or click to watch here
 Be sure to check out your emcees too!