Modern software engineering is often a Herculean undertaking. Even with well-defined objectives and processes, software projects by their very nature run the risk of getting derailed and productivity is getting harder to sustain. Emerging technology, competition and customer expectations require organizations to achieve a pace of change that is often unattainable due to the increasing complexity of their technology estates, fractured use of modern engineering processes, and legacy debt and costs. 
 The Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) provides a framework that enables organizations to ship quality software faster while also reducing cost. It lays a foundation for clarity around a software project’s goals, planning activities and deliverables, identifying and minimizing risks, vetting software quality, managing customer expectations, and maintaining the product once it’s deployed.
 We are now able to use Cognizant Flowsource™ to accelerate the end-to-end SDLC and address completely new automation opportunities. Cognizant Flowsource is our software development lifecycle management platform, offering a unified developer experience powered by automation and generative AI (gen AI) that will sustain next generation engineering.
 “In the gen AI era, the pursuit of innovation is creating a hotbed 
of opportunity for organizations to work faster — but working faster 
must be sustainable, and ‘more code’ shouldn’t mean ‘more problems.’ Cognizant Flowsource addresses this growing need and helps organizations improve quality and consistency across development. 
The result is better time to market for new and innovative products 
and services as well as improvements in scale that can enable 
these enterprises to stay ahead of competition.” 
- Prasad Sankaran, Head of Software & Platform Engineering
  “As a center of gravity for a modern delivery model, Cognizant Flowsource integrates all stages of the SDLC, from design to launch, providing 
a unified engineering platform connecting the work of all stakeholders 
and the development community for greater productivity and control. 
It incorporates digital assets and tools to help cross-functional 
engineering teams deliver better outcomes, 
faster with increased control and transparency.” 
- Pramod Bijani, Global Practice Leader 
for Digital Engineering and Digital Experience
 The platform delivers meaningful business benefits for clients, including:
Simplify, automate and bring intelligence to all stages of the SDLC with generative AI tooling, including copilots.
Accelerate the work process with included plugins on this extendable platform, and the ability to easily add third party plugins.
Bring consistency and quickness to developer work with self-service software and environment provisioning utilizing pre-configured templates.
Quality assurance with integrated, automated quality engineering and assurance throughout the process.
Ensure transparency with automated documentation and knowledge management within a single portal including component store experience across all teams.
A holistic view of engineering operations across the entire SDLC.
Track effectiveness and issues across engineering and business, with executive clarity on business impact.
  Cognizant Flowsource complements our platform ecosystem — Cognizant Neuro® AI, Cognizant Neuro® IT Operations and Cognizant Skygrade™ — all designed to help enterprises manage the complexity of their IT environments and modernize towards a cloud-native architecture.
  The below resources explain the value Cognizant Flowsource can bring to our clients as we collectively embrace the power of gen AI. Please connect with your SLS for Cognizant SPE to discuss and support client opportunities.
Cognizant Flowsource on Cognizant.com
Press release
Client pitch deck
FAQs (coming soon)
Like, comment and repost the Cognizant LinkedIn announcement